Graduate query plan cache from experimental (#4583)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_geal_query_plan_cache_prod.md

### Graduate query plan cache from experimental ([Issue #4575](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4575))

> The query planner's distributed cache, one of the Router's Enterprise features, has been in use for a long time in production deployments, so it will no longer be marked as experimental.
> 
> With this release, we also bring a serie of improvements to this cache:
> 
> - replace `.` separator in the Redis cache key with `:`, to align with conventions
> - reduce the cache key length
> - add the federation version to the cache key, to prevent confusion when routers with different federation versions (and potentially different ways to generate a query plan) target the same cache
> - move cache insertion to a parallel task: once the query plan is created, the request can be processed immediately instead of waiting for the cache insertion to finish. This was also fixed for the APQ cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query planner's distributed cache, one of the Router's Enterprise features, has been successfully running in production deployments for a long time. It's now ready to no longer be experimental.

This release also introduces a series of improvements to this cache:
    1. `.` separator is replaced with `:` in the Redis cache key to align with conventions.
    2. Cache key length is reduced.
    3. A federation version is added to the cache key to prevent confusion when routers with different federation versions (and potentially different ways to generate a query plan) target the same cache.
    4. Cache insertion is moved to a parallel task. This means that once the query plan is created, the request can be processed immediately instead of waiting for the cache insertion to finish. This was also fixed for the APQ cache.
```
